You little bitch
Dare to seduce Lu Jingshen
I have to sneak attack you today
Come in please.
Save this little bitch for now
I showed him something nice.
OK
What did we say to my mom?
This is the price of your disobedience
That old bitch is going to die soon
Don't you dare
Did I say don't touch me?
Are you crazy?
I'm pregnant with the child born in Kamei
If this child has three long and one short
Lujingsheng
Will not let go
I'm pregnant in your stomach
He met me at the Lu family's old house and helped me break the land
You still want to kiss a bitch with me
More nonsense
I had someone awesome put your mother through the trachea
You stay away as long as you dare to mess with my mother
I'll send you all out
Fighting with you
warmth
My mom and I were just kidding you.
Do I need to give it to you?